community/TUTORIAL_TEMPLATE.md, before:

# Tutorial Template

Use this template when creating new tutorials for "Sell Your Own X".

---

# [Action] Your Own [Marketing Component]

**Difficulty:** [Beginner | Intermediate | Advanced]  
**Time Required:** [X hours]  
**Prerequisites:** [List required knowledge/tools]  
**What You'll Build:** [Brief description of end result]  
**Skills Learned:** [Key takeaways and concepts]  

## 🎯 Problem Statement

### The Challenge
[Explain the marketing challenge this tutorial addresses]

### Why It Matters
[Business impact and importance for technical founders]

### Common Mistakes
[What people typically do wrong without proper implementation]

### Success Metrics
[How to measure success of this implementation]

## 💡 Solution Overview

### Our Approach
[High-level strategy and methodology]

### Tools We'll Use
- **Primary Tool**: [Main tool/service with brief description]
- **Supporting Tools**: [Additional tools needed]
- **Development Tools**: [Programming languages, frameworks]

### Expected Outcomes
[What you'll have at the end and how it performs]

### Time and Resource Investment
[Realistic expectations for implementation and maintenance]

## 🛠️ Implementation Guide

### Step 1: Environment Setup

#### Prerequisites Check
```bash
# Add commands to verify prerequisites
node --version  # Should be 18+
docker --version
```

#### Project Initialization
```bash
# Clone the tutorial code
git clone [tutorial-repo-url]
cd [tutorial-directory]

# Install dependencies
npm install  # or pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Environment Configuration
```bash
# Copy environment template
cp .env.example .env

# Edit configuration (don't commit real API keys!)
# Add your API keys and configuration
```

### Step 2: [Core Implementation Step]

[Detailed explanation of the main implementation]

#### Code Example
```javascript
// Provide working code examples with comments
const implementation = {
  // Your implementation here
};
```

#### Configuration Files
```json
{
  "config": "example",
  "setting": "value"
}
```

### Step 3: [Additional Implementation Steps]

[Continue with numbered steps for the complete implementation]

### Step 4: Testing and Validation

#### Local Testing
```bash
# Commands to test the implementation
npm test
# or python -m pytest
```

#### Manual Verification
1. [Step-by-step verification process]
2. [What to look for to confirm it's working]
3. [How to troubleshoot common issues]

## 📊 Measuring Results

### Key Metrics to Track
- **Metric 1**: [What to measure and why]
- **Metric 2**: [Expected ranges and benchmarks]
- **Metric 3**: [How to interpret results]

### Setting Up Analytics
```javascript
// Code for tracking implementation
```

### Creating Dashboards
[Instructions for monitoring and reporting]

## 🚀 Advanced Concepts

### Optimization Techniques
[How to improve and scale the implementation]

### Integration Options
[How to connect with other marketing tools]

### Automation Ideas
[Ways to automate and streamline the process]

### Best Practices
- [Professional tip 1]
- [Professional tip 2]
- [Professional tip 3]

## 📈 Real-World Case Study

### Implementation Example
**Company**: [Anonymous or with permission]  
**Industry**: [Relevant context]  
**Challenge**: [Specific problem they faced]  
**Solution**: [How they implemented this tutorial]  
**Results**: [Actual metrics and outcomes]  
**Timeline**: [How long implementation took]  
**Lessons Learned**: [Key insights and improvements]

### Variations and Adaptations
[How different companies might implement this differently]

## 🔧 Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

#### Issue: [Common Problem]
**Symptoms**: [How to identify this problem]  
**Cause**: [Why this happens]  
**Solution**: [Step-by-step fix]

#### Issue: [Another Common Problem]
**Symptoms**: [Identification steps]  
**Cause**: [Root cause explanation]  
**Solution**: [Resolution steps]

### Getting Help
- Check our [FAQ](../docs/faq.md)
- Search [existing issues](https://github.com/repo/issues)
- Ask in our [community discussions](https://github.com/repo/discussions)

## 📚 Additional Resources

### Documentation Links
- [Official API documentation]
- [Related tools and services]
- [Further reading materials]

### Similar Tutorials
- [Link to related tutorials in this repo]
- [Complementary implementations]

### Community Examples
- [User-submitted variations]
- [Success stories and case studies]

## 🎯 Next Steps

### Immediate Actions
1. [What to do right after completing this tutorial]
2. [How to put it into production]
3. [Initial optimization steps]

### Long-term Improvements
- [Advanced features to consider]
- [Integration opportunities]
- [Scaling considerations]

### Related Learning
- [Suggested next tutorials]
- [Complementary skills to develop]

---

## 📝 Tutorial Information

**Author**: [Your Name]  
**Created**: [Date]  
**Last Updated**: [Date]  
**Version**: [1.0]  
**License**: MIT  

### Changelog
- **v1.0** - Initial release
- [Document major updates]

### Contributors
- [List major contributors and their contributions]

---

**🌟 Found this helpful?** Please star the repository and share your success story!

**💡 Have suggestions?** Open an issue or submit a pull request to improve this tutorial.

Commit message:

Enhance marketing tutorials with detailed insights and code examples
- Updated the README for the Viral Referral System tutorial to clarify the importance of a well-designed referral system and common mistakes to avoid.
- Added a new JavaScript file for generating unique referral links in the Viral Referral System tutorial.
- Revised the Google Ads Funnel tutorial to emphasize the significance of structured campaigns and included a time investment section.
- Improved the Carrd Landing Pages tutorial with a focus on rapid deployment and mobile responsiveness, along with a testing section.
- Enhanced the Customer Onboarding tutorial with a comprehensive approach to user activation and retention, including code examples for tracking user progress.
- Introduced a new JavaScript file for onboarding logic in the Customer Onboarding tutorial.
- Updated the Value Propositions tutorial to stress the importance of clear messaging and included code examples for A/B testing.
- Added a new JavaScript file for value proposition testing in the Value Propositions tutorial.
- Revised the Waitlist Building tutorial to highlight the importance of a strong waitlist and included code examples for referral tracking.
- Added a new JavaScript file for referral system functionality in the Waitlist Building tutorial.

community/TUTORIAL_TEMPLATE.md, after:

# Tutorial Template

Use this template when creating new tutorials for "Sell Your Own X".

---

# [Action] Your Own [Marketing Component]

**Difficulty:** [Beginner | Intermediate | Advanced]  
**Time Required:** [X hours]  
**Prerequisites:** [List required knowledge/tools]  
**What You'll Build:** [Brief description of end result]  
**Skills Learned:** [Key takeaways and concepts]  

## 🎯 Problem Statement

### The Challenge
[Explain the marketing challenge this tutorial addresses]

### Why It Matters
[Business impact and importance for technical founders. Consider linking to broader marketing theory or psychological principles if relevant.]

### Common Mistakes
[What people typically do wrong without proper implementation]

### Success Metrics
[How to measure success of this implementation]

## 💡 Solution Overview

### Our Approach
[High-level strategy and methodology]

### Tools We'll Use
- **Primary Tool**: [Main tool/service with brief description. Explain *why* this tool is chosen from a marketing strategy perspective.]
- **Supporting Tools**: [Additional tools needed]
- **Development Tools**: [Programming languages, frameworks]

### Expected Outcomes
[What you'll have at the end and how it performs]

### Time and Resource Investment
[Realistic expectations for implementation and maintenance. This section is crucial for setting user expectations.]

## 🛠️ Implementation Guide

### Step 1: Environment Setup

#### Prerequisites Check
```bash
# Add commands to verify prerequisites
node --version  # Should be 18+
docker --version
```

#### Project Initialization
```bash
# Clone the tutorial code
git clone [tutorial-repo-url]
cd [tutorial-directory]

# Install dependencies
npm install  # or pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Environment Configuration
```bash
# Copy environment template
cp .env.example .env

# Edit configuration (don't commit real API keys!)
# Add your API keys and configuration
```

### Step 2: [Core Implementation Step]

[Detailed explanation of the main implementation]

#### Code Example
```javascript
// Provide working code examples with comments.
// IMPORTANT: For substantial code, place it in the 'code/' subdirectory
// and reference it here with clear instructions on how to run it.
// Example: See 'code/my_script.js' for the full implementation.
const implementation = {
  // Your implementation here
};
```

#### Configuration Files
```json
{
  "config": "example",
  "setting": "value"
}
```

### Step 3: [Additional Implementation Steps]

[Continue with numbered steps for the complete implementation]

### Step 4: Testing and Validation

#### Local Testing
```bash
# Commands to test the implementation
npm test
# or python -m pytest
```

#### Manual Verification
1. [Step-by-step verification process]
2. [What to look for to confirm it's working]
3. [How to troubleshoot common issues]
4. [After running tests, verify outcomes in RESULTS.md if applicable.]

## 📊 Measuring Results

### Key Metrics to Track
- **Metric 1**: [What to measure and why]
- **Metric 2**: [Expected ranges and benchmarks]
- **Metric 3**: [How to interpret results]

### Setting Up Analytics
```javascript
// Code for tracking implementation
```

### Creating Dashboards
[Instructions for monitoring and reporting]

## 🚀 Advanced Concepts

### Optimization Techniques
[How to improve and scale the implementation]

### Integration Options
[How to connect with other marketing tools]

### Automation Ideas
[Ways to automate and streamline the process]

### Best Practices
- [Professional tip 1]
- [Professional tip 2]
- [Professional tip 3]

## 📈 Real-World Case Study

### Implementation Example
**Company**: [Anonymous or with permission]  
**Industry**: [Relevant context]  
**Challenge**: [Specific problem they faced]  
**Solution**: [How they implemented this tutorial]  
**Results**: [Actual metrics and outcomes]  
**Timeline**: [How long implementation took]  
**Lessons Learned**: [Key insights and improvements]

### Variations and Adaptations
[How different companies might implement this differently]

## 🔧 Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

#### Issue: [Common Problem]
**Symptoms**: [How to identify this problem]  
**Cause**: [Why this happens]  
**Solution**: [Step-by-step fix]

#### Issue: [Another Common Problem]
**Symptoms**: [Identification steps]  
**Cause**: [Root cause explanation]  
**Solution**: [Resolution steps]

### Getting Help
- Check our [FAQ](../docs/faq.md)
- Search [existing issues](https://github.com/adntgv/sell-your-own-x/issues)
- Ask in our [community discussions](https://github.com/adntgv/sell-your-own-x/discussions)

## 📚 Additional Resources

### Documentation Links
- [Official API documentation]
- [Related tools and services]
- [Further reading materials]

### Similar Tutorials
- [Link to related tutorials in this repo]
- [Complementary implementations]

### Community Examples
- [User-submitted variations]
- [Success stories and case studies]

## 🎯 Next Steps

### Immediate Actions
1. [What to do right after completing this tutorial]
2. [How to put it into production]
3. [Initial optimization steps]

### Long-term Improvements
- [Advanced features to consider]
- [Integration opportunities]
- [Scaling considerations]
- [Consider broader marketing concepts like continuous iteration, learning from failures, and adapting strategies.]

### Related Learning
- [Suggested next tutorials]
- [Complementary skills to develop]
- [Relevant marketing frameworks (e.g., AIDA, Pirate Metrics) or ethical considerations in marketing.]

---

## 📝 Tutorial Information

**Author**: [Your Name]  
**Created**: [Date]  
**Last Updated**: [Date]  
**Version**: [1.0]  
**License**: MIT  

### Changelog
- **v1.0** - Initial release
- [Document major updates]

### Contributors
- [List major contributors and their contributions]

---

**🌟 Found this helpful?** Please star the repository and share your success story!

**💡 Have suggestions?** Open an issue or submit a pull request to improve this tutorial.
